9/6/25
Resizing the game forced the player into the middle, will correct soon.
Added Menus before going further because it caused a lot of code to be moved around.
Started work on the enemies.
Need to fix player controls to add a charged shot.

9/7/25
Had a bug on how the movement of the shooter enemy. Should be fixed now.
Learned that classes initilize the number given forever, has to be inside
the class in order to get random numbers.
Should have a button that lets the player slow down to get more percise movement.
Also need to work on the shoot not working when the player is moving.

9/12/25
Worked on the shooting mechanic for the Player. Fix was to make it so movement
and the shoot are not in the same if-else branch. Added slow movement for
more precision movement. Add a new class for bullets to make adding new
bullets and to make the charged shot implementation easier. Add a progress
bar for the charged shot so to see how close it is to done.

9/13/25
Added new enemy called the Charger. Rushes towards the player to attack them.
Another enemy type was created called the Blocker. Will not take damage from normal
shots, they must be charged. Rebound the Focus and Charging Keys. Started work on
Combustion enemy type, had an issue with the bullets only moving down. Unknown fix at
this time.

9/14/25
Figured out that the Bullet class needed a direction added to make it so the bullets
have a direction they move in. This lead to fixing Shooter, how enemyBullets despawns
bullets, and the player's bulletsafter implementing directions to the Bullet class.
The first Boss will be worked on next time.

9/15/25
Began work on making a Player class to implement changes to add Health to the player,
and damage. Player can now take damages, has immunity frames, and despawns when killed.

9/20/25
Changed Controls to a How To Play Button. Added info on controls and what enemy does what.
Added a Pause Button, that let's you quit to main menu. Charge Shot kept charging while
paused. Unknown fix at this time. Work started on First Boss. Is a Fusion of Shooter & 
Blocker enemy types. Need to work on Lasers from boss and have it actually patrol correctly.

9/21/25
The first Boss has been fixed along with the Lasers. Fixing logic for the Laser was incredibly
hard to make it follow who shot the bullet. Boss also takes no damage if hit on the main body,
but does take damage from getting hit on the guns.

9/25/25
Adding pause as a parameter for everything fixed the main issue with many things moving and
updating when it shouldn't be possible.

9/26/25
Added a HUD that shows the Health, Cash, and current level. Screen can now beresized to fit a screen. 

9/27/25
Tweaked HUD to fit correctly, and added the rest of the HUD. HUD now shows Parts and Weapons. Began
creating logic for map using a Node graph.

9/28/25
Made a working definition for how the map is created and visually looks. Added the check for when
the player dies and a game over screen. The game also now fully resets when a new game is started.
